Update app-setup to Rails 7 (#334)
renuo/applications-setup-guide: ruby_on_rails/app_initialisation.md

* [Check if you are using the latest stable version of Rails](http://rubyonrails.org/) with `rails -v` and update it if you are not.
You can do this with `gem update rails`. Beware of beta versions.

* Start a new Rails project using `rails new [project-name] --database=postgresql --no-skip-test --skip-sprockets --webpack --skip_action_mailbox` where the `project-name` is exactly the one you chose before.
You may want to choose a different database from Postgres, but most of the time that will be your choice.
If you do not need a DB you may rethink the fact that you may not need Rails at all :) Take a look at [Sinatra](http://www.sinatrarb.com/) or [Angular](https://angular.io/)
* Start a new Rails project using `rails new [project-name] --database=postgresql --no-skip-test --skip_action_mailbox` where the `project-name` is exactly the one you chose before.

> * Check if you've got a `.ruby-version` file. If not, create one and enter the Ruby version.

Author: This is there

> > ⚠️You may want to choose a different database from Postgres, but most of the time that will be your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ You may want to choose a different database than Postgres, but most of the time this will be your choice.
```

  chmod +x bin/run bin/fastcheck bin/check
  ```

> * `bin/setup` was generated by Rails. We'll add a `pre-push` hook to it:

Author: This is custom stuff. I don't want it by default.

  ```ruby
  unless File.exist?('.git/hooks/pre-push')
    system 'ln -s ../../bin/fastcheck .git/hooks/pre-push'
  end
  ```

>   Also change `system!('bundle install')` to `system!('bundle install --jobs=3 --retry=3')`

Author: no need to specify the jobs, bundler already defines it based on the amount of processors. retry is also not really necessary, we can live without it and simplify our setup guide
